4.7 release (#243)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 4.1 <version-4.1>`
* :ref:`Version 4.0 <version-4.0>`

.. _version-4.7:

What's New in 4.7
-----------------

New features of the 4.7 driver release include:

> - Improved change stream support

Reviewer: Issue: style guide "Introduce a list with a sentence, and end the sentence with a colon."
Suggestion: "Added the following change stream support improvements:"

  - Enhanced pre-image and post-image support for :ref:`change streams <java-usage-watch>`.
    Change stream watch helpers now accept ``whenAvailable`` and ``required``
    for the fullDocument option.
  - Added a new ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` option, which accepts
    ``whenAvailable`` and ``required``.

>   - Change events may now include a ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` response field.

Reviewer: Suggestion: clarify what it means to "may now include" as it doesn't seem definitive.

  - Added ``showExpandedEvents`` support for change streams.

>   - Added ``wallTime`` support in ``ChangeStreamDocument`` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added ``wallTime`` support in the ``ChangeStreamDocument`` class.
```

> - Clustered index creation support

Reviewer: Issue: Requires a period at the end for style and consistency.

Reviewer: Suggestion: link to the clustered index section in the Fundamentals > Indexes page

> - The driver supports several new features related to :v6.0:`Queryable Encryption </core/queryable-encryption/>`,

Reviewer: Suggestion: 1) Keep the structure of the bulleted points consistent with the rest of the bulleted items. 2) Driver is already the implied subject. "Support for several new Queryable Encryption features."

Suggestion: v6.0 directive is no longer needed since the Manual v6.0 has been deployed (earlier today)

>   including support for automatic encryption (enterprise license required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  including support for automatic encryption (MongoDB v6.0 Enterprise or later is required)
```

  and manual encryption.

> - A new API for key management

Reviewer: Suggestion: specify what type of key this is for

- Support for the new Queryable Encryption shared library, which removes the need

>   for the ``mongocryptd`` process. Queryable Encryption support requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the ``mongocryptd`` process. The Queryable Encryption shared library requires
```

  `org.mongodb:mongodb-crypt <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.mongodb/mongodb-crypt>`__

>   version ``1.5.1.1`` or later, which is an optional driver dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the optional dependency, `org.mongodb:mongodb-crypt <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.mongodb/mongodb-crypt>`__
  version ``1.5.1.1`` or later.
```

> - The driver includes builder API support for a more aggregation stages,
>   including ``$search/$searchMeta`` (Atlas only), ``$densify``, and ``$fill``.

Reviewer: Issue: grammar

```suggestion
- Added builder API methods for additional aggregation stages,
  including ``$search/$searchMeta`` (Atlas only), ``$densify``, and ``$fill``.
```

> - The driver includes support for a new annotation, ``BsonExtraElements``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a new annotation, ``BsonExtraElements``,
```

  that can be used with POJO encoding and decoding. ``BsonExtraElements``

>   is added to enable decoding objects that may receive new fields in the future,

Reviewer: Issue: already mentioned it was added.

```suggestion
  enables decoding objects that may receive new fields in the future,
```

  without needing to explicitly map those new fields.

> - The driver includes several performance optimizations, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The driver includes several performance optimizations including:
```

>   - The driver includes a new lock-free implementations of the server session pool
>     and the buffer pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Lock-free implementations of the server session pool and the buffer pool.
```

>   - The driver includes a new implementation of ``DBCursor`` cleanup that uses Java's
>     Cleaner API instead of finalization, available in Java 9 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A new implementation of ``DBCursor`` cleanup that uses Java's
    Cleaner API instead of finalization, available in Java 9 or later.
```

* :ref:`Version 4.1 <version-4.1>`
* :ref:`Version 4.0 <version-4.0>`

.. _version-4.7:

What's New in 4.7
-----------------

New features of the 4.7 driver release include:

- Improved change stream support

>   - Enhanced pre-image and post-image support for :ref:`change streams <java-usage-watch>`.

Reviewer 2: Can any of these things link to documentation that describes the feature in general (driver-agnostically)?

    Change stream watch helpers now accept ``whenAvailable`` and ``required``
    for the ``fullDocument`` option.
  - Added a new ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` option, which accepts
    ``whenAvailable`` and ``required``.
  - Change events may now include a ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` response field.
  - Added ``showExpandedEvents`` support for change streams.
  - Added ``wallTime`` support in ``ChangeStreamDocument`` class.

- :ref:`Clustered index <java-clustered-idexes>` creation support
- The driver supports new features related to :v6.0:`Queryable Encryption </core/queryable-encryption/>`,
  including support for automatic encryption (enterprise license required)
  and manual encryption.

>   - A new API for key management

Reviewer 2: These two things are orthogonal to the new Queryable Encryption support.  Not sure they should be nested like this.

  - Support for the new Queryable Encryption shared library, which removes the need
    for the ``mongocryptd`` process. Queryable Encryption support requires
    `org.mongodb:mongodb-crypt <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.mongodb/mongodb-crypt>`__
    version ``1.5.1.1`` or later.

> - The driver includes builder API support for a more aggregation stages,

Reviewer 2: As above: can these link to driver-agnostic docs that describe eash feature in general?

  including ``$search/$searchMeta`` (Atlas only), ``$densify``, and ``$fill``.
- The driver includes support for a new annotation, ``BsonExtraElements``,
  that can be used with POJO encoding and decoding. ``BsonExtraElements``
  enables decoding objects that may receive new fields in the future,
  without requiring developers to explicitly map those new fields.
- The driver includes performance optimizations, including:

>   - The driver includes a new lock-free implementations of the server session pool

Reviewer 2: Nit: It reads weird to repeat "the driver includes" in each sub-bullet, when it already uses that lingo just above

  - Added a new ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` option, which accepts
    ``whenAvailable`` and ``required``.
  - Change events may now include a ``fullDocumentBeforeChange`` response field,
    depending on your version of MongoDB and collection configuration.
  - Added ``showExpandedEvents`` support for change streams.
  - Added ``wallTime`` support in the ``ChangeStreamDocument`` class.

- Added :ref:`Clustered index <java-clustered-idexes>` creation support.
- Support for new features related to :ref:`qe-manual-feature-qe`,
  including support for automatic encryption (MongoDB v6.0 Enterprise or later
  is required) and manual encryption.

  - Support for the new Queryable Encryption shared library, which removes the need
    for the ``mongocryptd`` process. The queryable encryption shared library requires
    `org.mongodb:mongodb-crypt <https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.mongodb/mongodb-crypt>`__
    version ``1.5.1.1`` or later.

- Added a new API for encryption key management.

- Added builder API methods for additional aggregation stages,
  including :pipeline:`$search`/:pipeline:`$searchMeta` (Atlas only),
  :pipeline:`$densify`, and :pipeline:`$fill`.

> - Added support for a new annotation, ``BsonExtraElements``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for a new annotation, ``BsonExtraElements``
```

  that can be used with POJO encoding and decoding. ``BsonExtraElements``
  enables decoding objects that may receive new fields in the future
  without requiring developers to explicitly map those new fields.

> - The driver includes performance optimizations including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performance optimizations including:
```

  - Lock-free implementations of the server session pool and the buffer pool.

>   - A new implementation of ``DBCursor`` cleanup that uses Java's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A new cleanup implementation of ``DBCursor`` instances that uses Java's
```
